[Feat] Add additional arguments to `vm.Card` (#1443)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/card.md

        [![CardText]][cardtext]

## Add header and footer

You can add header and footer to your [`Card`][vizro.models.Card] model by specifying `header` and `footer` arguments.

> 

Reviewer: Should it be explained that the header and the footer can be any Markdown object?

> YouYou can add header and footer to your [`Card`][vizro.models.Card] model by specifying `header` and `footer` arguments. Both accept Markdown content, allowing you to add text, links, and inline formatting with ease.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now add a header and footer to your [`Card`][vizro.models.Card] by using the `header` and `footer` arguments. Both fields support [Markdown text](https://markdown-guide.readthedocs.io/), so you can easily include text, links, and inline formatting.
```

For detailed examples on how to create a KPI card, refer to the [figure user guide on KPI cards](figure.md#key-performance-indicator-kpi-cards).

## Add a tooltip

Add a title to your card by passing a string to the `title` argument.

The `description` argument enables you to add helpful context to your button by displaying an info icon in the top right corner of the card header. Hovering over the icon shows a tooltip with your chosen text.

> You can provide [Markdown text](https://markdown-guide.readthedocs.io/) as a string to use the default info icon or a [`Tooltip`][vizro.models.Tooltip] model to use any icon from the [Google Material Icons library](https://fonts.google.com/icons).

Reviewer 2: I agree with @petar-qb by the way that the info-icon should always appear in the top-right corner. So if the `header` is not provided, it should be in the top-right corner of the card-text :) 

```suggestion
Use the `description` argument to add helpful context to your `Card`. This displays an info icon in the top-right corner, and hovering over it reveals a tooltip with your chosen text.

You can provide [Markdown text](https://markdown-guide.readthedocs.io/) to `Card.description` to use the default info icon, or pass a [`Tooltip`][vizro.models.Tooltip] model to customize the icon using any symbol from the [Google Material Icons library](https://fonts.google.com/icons).
```
